20 / 11 / 2018:
Notes:
- Code refactor finished
- Auto-calibration finished
- New sensor researched and added.
- Sequential thread... In progress.

The robot functions as it did last year when running the VN thread.
Optic flow mostly works and mushroom body works well, replicating the
learned route. OF implemented on the sequential thread doesn't work,
why? I think I'm dumb, I hope I'm dumb because it'll save a lot of work.
Okay, not dumb in the way I thought but in a different way.

I had originally left out the accumulator for the other side as I was
having issues with the turning (caused by the image problems). I also
had no accumulation resets. The loop counter wasn't ever incremented
and the accumulators weren't reset on each turn. Now seems to be working
but inconsistency still observed. Watch for this. It should be
remembered that the optical flow would occassionally bug out.

We'll immediately switch to using time + speed to measure distance.
Less time faffing. The robot moves one unit each second that it is mobile.
Getting this precise will be tricky, pay attention to where the timers
are started/stopped

On finishing:
Distance computation has been fixed. One unit per second, though for some
very short intervals no time can be recorded (this could be fixed by
allocating 10 units per second perhaps).

Optical flow playing up on final test and generally being a pain.
This may have been to do with the large objects I was using to try and induce
CA responses; I think it more likely that it just isn't working.

Todo:
- Test the older PI threads; make sure the existing CX actually works
  as described in Zhaoyu and Luca's papers (maybe alter the speeds).
- Figure out how to make the CXtheta value useful. Currently it is
  4 or 5 or zero. This is useless considering the robot doesn't turn to
	reset its orientation to be facing homeward. Make sure you're using
	this in the same way that Scimeca and Zhang did. CXtheta is meant
	to be in degrees so it should be directly passable to the turnAround
	function.
- Robot needs charged. 
